#brand	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_spec.rb	/^  describe '#brand' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#brands	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^  describe '#brands' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#brands_stats	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^  describe '#brands_stats' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#capacity	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^  describe '#capacity' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#cars	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^  describe '#cars' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#color_name	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_spec.rb	/^  describe '#color_name' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#make_car	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^  describe '#make_car' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#make_cars	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^  describe '#make_cars' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#name	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^  describe '#name' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#places_left	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^  describe '#places_left' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#receive	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^  describe '#receive' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
#retrieve	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^  describe '#retrieve' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
.new	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^  describe '.new' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
.new	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_spec.rb	/^  describe '.new' do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
Car	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car.rb	/^class Car$/;"	c	language:Ruby
Car	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_spec.rb	/^RSpec.describe Car do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
CarFactory	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^class CarFactory$/;"	c	language:Ruby
CarFactory	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^RSpec.describe CarFactory do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
CarPark	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^class CarPark$/;"	c	language:Ruby
CarPark	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park_spec.rb	/^RSpec.describe CarPark do$/;"	d	language:RSpec
UnsupportedBrandException	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  class UnsupportedBrandException < StandardError$/;"	c	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
and three colors are available	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_spec.rb	/^      context 'and three colors are available' do$/;"	c	language:RSpec
brand_available?	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def brand_available?(brand)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
brand_from_available_brands	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def brand_from_available_brands$/;"	f	language:Ruby	method:CarFactory.validate_given_brands
brands	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^  def brands$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarPark
brands_stats	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^  def brands_stats$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarPark
check_if_brand_is_supported	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def check_if_brand_is_supported(brand)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	method:CarFactory.validate_given_brands
check_if_brands_are_supported	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def check_if_brands_are_supported$/;"	f	language:Ruby	method:CarFactory.validate_given_brands
factory is created for multiple brands	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^    context 'factory is created for multiple brands' do$/;"	c	language:RSpec
factory is created for mutliple brands	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^    context 'factory is created for mutliple brands' do$/;"	c	language:RSpec
factory is created for one brand only	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^    context 'factory is created for one brand only' do$/;"	c	language:RSpec
formatted_brand_names	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def formatted_brand_names$/;"	f	language:Ruby	method:CarFactory.validate_given_brands
formatted_color_name	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car.rb	/^  def formatted_color_name(unformatted_data)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:Car
initialize	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car.rb	/^  def initialize(brand, args={})$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:Car
initialize	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def initialize(factory_name, args = {})$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
initialize	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^  def initialize(capacity)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarPark
make_car	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def make_car(brand = @brands)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
make_cars	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def make_cars(config)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
make_cars_from_hash	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def make_cars_from_hash(config = {})$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
make_n_cars	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def make_n_cars(amount = 1, brand = nil)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
name	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def name$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
park_car	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^  def park_car(car)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarPark
parse_color	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car.rb	/^  def parse_color(given_color)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:Car
pick_color_from_avaible_colors	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car.rb	/^  def pick_color_from_avaible_colors$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:Car
places_left	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^  def places_left$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarPark
receive	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^  def receive(cars)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarPark
retrieve	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_park.rb	/^  def retrieve(amount)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarPark
tick_brands_counter	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def tick_brands_counter$/;"	f	language:Ruby	method:CarFactory.validate_given_brands
tick_color_counter	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car.rb	/^  def tick_color_counter$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:Car
validate_cars_creation	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def validate_cars_creation(brand)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
validate_given_brands	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory.rb	/^  def validate_given_brands(given_brands)$/;"	f	language:Ruby	class:CarFactory
when color is not provided	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_spec.rb	/^    context 'when color is not provided' do$/;"	c	language:RSpec
when provided with configuration hash	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^    context 'when provided with configuration hash' do$/;"	c	language:RSpec
when provided with number	/home/bartosz/projekty/recruitment-exercises/exercises/car_factory/car_factory_spec.rb	/^    context 'when provided with number' do$/;"	c	language:RSpec
